# Compliance based Royalties Platform
The Compliance Royalties platform aims to achieve compliances for businesses via Royalty-Reward-NFTs and reward them with Royalty-Reward tokens based on their compliance and emissions statuses. This Web3 based platform also helps regulatory authorities to have an insight into businesses and their compliance statues via reporting of emissions data generated by the business and analysed by the platform. 

### What is a Royalty Reward
As the name suggests, a Royalty Reward can be considered as a reward point allocated to a business/individual for a successful action or for being successfully compliant to a set of rules defined. Businesses can claim their ownership of the reward tokens based on their compliance status and have compliance NFTs minted for them to prove their compliance status. 

### Platform Architecture and User Roles
This platform serves as a one-stop solution for businesses and compliance authorities to keep track of their compliance needs and reporting, meanwhile avoiding the need to put any such data on a centralized authority. Instead, this platform keeps all the data on the decentralized Algorand Blockchain without the need of a managing entity. 

Various platform roles can be defined as:
#### Regulators: 
Regulators can be considered as managers that define the compliance rules for any given demographic. These regulators must be approved by the platform and have control over how businesses can claim their NFTs and reward tokens. 

#### Businesses:
These are users of the platforms that can hook up their emissions data via:
1. a Smart Sensor Input
2. Webhook Integration
3. Manual csv upload etc.
and have their analysis done on the Algorand Blockchain to determine their compliance status. These business can then check for their eligibility for their compliance NFTs, claim these NFTs and have reward tokens allocated for them for sticking to the compliance demands of their governing land. 

#### DEMO
Demo is available here: https://youtu.be/0gfPZ5fAyxI
